docs: remove some config fields for copr cache (#5030)
pingcap/docs: tidb-configuration-file.md

### `capacity-mb`

> - The total size of the cached data. When the cache space is full, old cache entries are evicted. When the value is `0.0`, it means to disable the Coprocessor Cache feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The total size of the cached data. When the cache space is full, old cache entries are evicted. When the value is `0.0`, the Coprocessor Cache feature is disabled.
```
